---
title: I, Robot
author: Del_Asimov
date: 2023-01-22 12:00:00 -500
categories: [Anthropomorphic robots]
tags: ["Boston Dynamics",
      "Anthropomorphic robots",
      "Artificial intelligence",
      "Robotics technology",
      "I, Robot"]
---

## How far are we from 'I, robot' ?
In the latest video from Boston Dynamics, we can see a glimpse of the state of the art of anthropomorphic robots,
certainly it is astounding to see the technical capabilities that allow them to move nimbly on inclined planes, perform
somersaults, and see them easily transport objects. And even we can see how these can be used in the work environment,
in the last video in fact we can see how this anthropomorphic robot can collaborate with a construction worker, helping
him carry his toolbox. So the question we might ask is how far are we from the movie "i, robots"?

[The last video](https://youtu.be/-e1_QhJ1EhQ)
{% include embed/youtube.html id=-e1_QhJ1EhQ %}


In the movie in 2035, robots are part of people's daily lives, helping them with their daily tasks, doing all the manual labor jobs. These robots
abide by the 3 very famous laws. Although these laws are an interesting philosophical cue, in reality these laws presuppose
an artificial intelligence that can recognize itself, read situations and perceive human emotions. However, if we leave out
the laws invented by Asimov, it remains that the weak point at the present time is artificial intelligence, the first projects
of which we can only see now in early 2023. But from here, to getting to robots that can autonomously understand that in order
to carry the toolbox, I must first put the wooden plank to create a bridge and then use the bridge to approach the worker and leave
him the bag will still need a lot of work. "
